what's up my brother comes to me and we're
here in a game of these that so much
like it 's an indie and dj game but that the
from mario if it's mario but first
person is to put us in the role of mario
but as if we were inside his
body we have to go is for about
totally linear scenarios because
Mario is linear because he is clumsy but
we see from here and now what
Let's see inside his low so
let's go there let's play and let's see
How about we had the time as always
I will leave in the description for everything
whoever wants to take it and get it off
and play and as it is we have three
rows as you see down here on the right
to see our characters
it's complicated because of course we
we are used to it
we can not turn the camera or anything
and
There is the truth that you have to go looking
the truth that seems not but it is I do not know no
he
this space to highlight the control
here we are going to take a coin and already
I tell you , come on, I know it's a little weird
but the truth
here the same secret but I think I think that
can not not reach if I'm not I'm not in
great was a life and I hope to jump
sing mario hits me we can with the
second life and as always mario
we started from the beginning I say
it's a bit difficult, you have to
Get used
but
and out there
everything is controlled
and it is very difficult because I want
look ahead but my eyes look at the
side because a lot easier than looking
for so much but now I'm going to do it
looking
but jumps
this year in the first person is a
madness but a very big madness
we escape for another we go for another good
let's go with the second attempt let's see
How are we doing? Come on, let's go there now
our mission will be to get to the
tower is worth towards the flag to arrive healthy
and saved we will stop investigating
below up for all
touch a touch and more
here
but we can not put out what it was
to die bandit mushrooms
an arrival
I want to get there
not the zapillo but not but good
we are here in the end we will get
in the end
it's not until much earlier but it 's okay
we have committed what I wanted
get to the end of the first flag and
let's continue until he kills me not only
a life we have let's imagine what
we have a life and we are going to go as
I say is the whole first phase is here
put in first person and is super
funny super fun this
get on the skin
move away
and let's run all the rent
outside
and this lie
and well we will leave it here
I hope you liked it and if you like it
whether it's supporting with the may light the
I appreciate a lot so I put it in
the comments that you do not know what has
like this game without a kiss
I love you all
to all of mine
bojan every day
yes yes yes yes with I love everyone
all right
Yes Yes Yes Yes